Small text          font-family: 'Roboto' , sans-serif;
Big Text:          font-family: 'Montserrat' , sans-serif;
Quotes:               font-family: 'Montez' , cursive;   
CAPITAL HEADERS:     font-family: 'Raleway' , sans-serif;
Headers:             font-family: 'Oswald' , sans-serif;


change this site color theme:
This Photo is Dynamic and will change according to the time of the day.

[make different classes and change them in JS.]


{Capital in rectangle white}
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Lao Tzu

and my amazing journey in web development started with Recode. I was one of those lucky enough to attend their weekend workshop, this ignited a spark and eager to
 continue this new path that I became fond of. their team was inspiring and focused on helping us the refugees in Malaysia to see the new opportunities available
 as web developers.
As this was my introduction to the web development world, I didn't want to stop and seeked online courses to learn more and during those few months Recode team kept 
in touch and their guidance and help was simply amazing.  

while this website serves the purpose of an application to the Bootcamp provided by Recode,this page is to show myself how much I learned and a reminder 
to my future-self how much I was missing still. 



Quote:
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.


a brief about me:
I've developed a passion for technology and computers since in my teens however I didn't get the chance to study programming until recently. and while I was able to
learn a little online about Python, I was missing the mentorship and guidance. also as a beginner I felt lost in this new world. now with Recode camp in  
sight I feel the ambition and the will not only to learn web development as a side hobby but as a career choice. the feeling of accomplishment 
is extraordinary, finding solutions to problems and watching your code runnign smoothly is something I got addicted to.
I can't wait to start my 16 weeks of fun and learning.
[ put timer to May]



previous Java Script project: the pig game.

